How to Play:

Survive as many rounds as you can. Stay on the platform. Knock off your enemies. Boss battle every four rounds. Enemies increase with each wave.

W / S 
Move the player forward or backward relative to the camera.

A / D
Rotate the camera.

Shift
Dash in the current direction of movement - you gain a temporary speed boost and an increase in mass. 
Tip: Always available (except during activate smash ability).
Tip: Can be used to dodge or push light / equal mass enemies.
Tip: Make much use of this - it's free and very useful.

C
Activate the Smash ability when the power-up is activated and not on cooldown.

Space
Activate the Lasers ability when the power-up is activated and not on cooldown.


Power-ups:
All powers-ups last for a total of 7 seconds after pickup.
These spawn every wave start. 

Smash - The Blue Gem.
On button press, rise into the air and smash on the ground with explosive force. 
Activation Cooldown: 2 Seconds.
Tip: Can't be activated during small window while dashing. 
Tip: Force applied to enemies is greater closer to your point of contact with the ground.

Repulse - The Yellow Gem.
Enemies that contact your shield are repulsed away.
Activation Cooldown: N/A - Passive ability.
Tip: Combine with dash to reach enemies and push them away.
Tip: Enemies spheres can't reach you with your shield up, therefore they can't push you.

Lasers - The Red Gem.
On button press, fire lasers towards all enemies within the scene, providing a small push-back effect. 
Activation Cooldown: 0.5 Seconds.
Tip: Lasers can track enemies positions.
Tip: More effective against lighter enemies then heavier ones.

Enemies:

Normal Enemy - Green.
Mass: 20
Force: 150

Basic enemy is well-rounded - it's mass and speed ratio helps it have decent speed and maneuverability.
Likely to be even matched with you in any collision.

Heavy Enemy - Yellow.
Mass: 60
Force: 400

Has such a heavy mass the despite it's force, it's slower to start moving and it's mass and speed ratio makes it slow at maneuverability.
You'll stuggle to push it about however, and it'll knock you around easily.

Quick Enemy - Red.
Mass: 10
Force: 150

It's light weight means it quickly gathers speed despite it's force level. Very maneuverability.
Whilst it's light weight makes it seemingly easy to push about, watchout - it's speed makes it pack a deceptively hard punch with enough momentum.

Guard Enemy - Blue.
Mass: 30
Force: 300

The protecters of the Boss, these are upgraded versions of normal enemies.
Heavier weight means it can push you around, but it's doubled force makes it speedier and more maneuverable then normal.
Weight and speed combines means it really hit hard accurately.

Boss Enemy - Blue.
Mass: 100
Force: 900

The boss, extremely heavy and can't be pushed about. It's extreme force makes it surprisingly maneuverable too. Will send you flying away on contact.
The boss has a Repulse shield of it's own to further increase it pushback force. Try knocking the boss off to remove it's shield.
The shield has three lives total, before leaving the boss exposed to it's one life left.
Once you knock the boss off once, it will start spawning it's guard to assist in it's protection.
Powerups will be provided each time a life is lost by the boss, while the boss has more then 1 life remaining.